Integrate TACo (#3)
nucypher/orbis-demo: README.md

# DeForum - A Web Forum on OrbisDB

A web forum demo application built on OrbisDB and utilising TACo for encrypting posts and managing who has access to them.

## Introduction

This application emulates a web forum, complete with posts, comments, images, and personal profiles. It relies on the following items:

**OrbisDB on Ceramic** - A decentralized database to hold the various forum artifacts users create (such as posts, comments, etc.)

> **TACo** - A protocol to encrypt and decrypt data based on on-chain condition logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TACo** - A protocol for secure, end-to-end encrypted data sharing and communication, enabling encryption and decryption of data based on access control logic.
```
